hand-forged in england ever been
breached what about the people trying to
get out over the gates when you enter
the gates you'll discover an exclusive
community oh I didn't know they had all
these little shops it's more than just a
place to live mom that's their slogan
with beautiful homes are you sure this
is ours great schools let's work it to
the I believe in any stolen statement
and friendly neighbors hi please tell me
you eat cops but if you think I kind of
have a thing for kitchens this is the
perfect place to live about your husband
he's out of town how long no no you're
dead wrong things are gonna be better
here I promise you so is your husband in
one of these boxes didn't I read that he
was a detective yeah homicide homicide
really miss Helena set up crime must be
non-existent almost charlie
I'm Andy yo Brett your girl hooking up
with a new guy kreski son coach in my
office now why are you back so early I
missed you way too much my instincts
tell me that there's something going on
with those people
that's a good way to get shot well I
believe you are the one trespasser
EBC Sunday June 20th a new series that I
heard something great yeah it was like
this when I came in about a neighborhood
that was built I didn't want to come
here and the one thing that's been cool
about all this is you we're keeping
people out
and keeping secrets in Charlie hi hi
what was that we should get out of here
yeah we had an agreement
I know
now it's not like this so how do you
like this place
I'm figuring it out good ABC's the gates
series premiere Sunday June 20th part of
ABC's new summer season